By now, you know our process, our offer, and
how to handle objections when sellers push
back.
But sellers also ask straightforward
questions, not objections, just questions, and
how you answer those matters just as much.
The goal here is not to memorize a list of
answers.
It's to understand what the seller is really
asking underneath the words, and to respond
with confidence and clarity in your own
voice.
Every seller question maps back to one of
three things.
Can I trust you? Am I getting a fair deal?
Is this going to be complicated?
If your answer addresses whichever one of
those is actually driving the question, the
specific words you use matter a lot less.
Here are the 10 questions that come up most
often, and how to think about each one.
How does this work? This is someone who
wants simplicity.
They don't want a 10-minute explanation.
They want to know the basic flow.
Keep it short. We have a conversation.
Our team evaluates the property.
We put together a cash offer.
And if it works for you, we handle the
closing.
No repairs needed on your end.
No commissions. We take care of the
paperwork.
That's it.
If they want more detail, they'll ask.
How do you come up with the offer?
They want to know it's not a random number.
Tell them you look at what similar houses in
their area have actually sold for.
You factor in the condition of the property
and what repairs would cost, and you come up
with a number that works for both sides.
Keep it simple. Don't say ARV or MAO formula
or any of that.
Just say it like a normal person would.
Is this a scam? This comes from a real
place.
They've probably had bad experiences or at
least heard stories.
Don't get defensive. Say you understand the
caution.
Everything goes through a licensed title
company.
They'll have attorney review available on
all the paperwork.
You never ask for money up front.
They never pay you anything.
Ever.
And you're happy to share your company
information so they can look you up before
anything moves forward.
Why can't you offer more?
They want to feel like the deal is fair.
And right now it doesn't feel fair to them.
Explain the trade-off.
You're buying the property as is.
You're taking on all the risk, all the
repair costs, and all the carrying costs.
The reason the price is what it is, is
because of what they get in return.
Speed. Certainty. No hassle.
No commissions. That's the exchange.
Some people will get it.
Some won't.
How fast can you close?
They're trying to figure out if you can
actually solve their problem on their timeline.
Tell them as fast as a couple of weeks if
they need to move quickly or on whatever
timeline works for them.
They pick the closing date.
We work around it.
All right, that's the first five questions,
decoded.
Next up, the other five repairs.
Fees. What happens after they sign?
And what to say when a seller asks,
What if I change my mind?
I'll see you there.